doc: rename app + other edits (#443)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-cellularmonitor: doc/docs/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

These troubleshooting instructions can help you fix issues you might encounter in the {{app_name}}.

> Check the {{app_name}}'s [Minimum requirements and limitations](./requirements.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Check the app's [Minimum requirements and limitations](./requirements.md).
```

Make sure that **Save trace file to disk** is enabled before starting the trace if you want them to be saved. The easiest way to find your saved files is to click **Load trace file**.

> The {{app_name}}'s `.mtrace` files are binary files. The `.mtrace` file extension is used to separate them from other binary files (extension `.bin`). If you want to open the file in a tool that requires a `.bin` extension, replace the `.mtrace` extension with a `.bin`. You are still able to open it in the {{app_name}}.

Author: ```suggestion
The `.mtrace` files are binary files. The `.mtrace` file extension is used to separate them from other binary files (extension `.bin`). If you want to open the file in a tool that requires a `.bin` extension, replace the `.mtrace` extension with a `.bin`. You are still able to open it in the {{app_name}}.
```
